Added Fedinspect, Sessions, NM GUI, Sherlock, Share (#354)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Bouncer](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.justinrdonnelly.bouncer) - Application to help you choose the correct firewall zone for wireless connections `#gjs` `#javascript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Netsleuth](https://github.com/vmkspv/netsleuth) - Utility for the calculation and analysis of IP subnet values, designed to simplify network configuration tasks `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [NM GUI](https://github.com/s-adi-dev/nmgui) - GUI for managing wifi networks, using NetworkManager (nmcli) `#python` `#gtk4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NM GUI](https://github.com/s-adi-dev/nmgui) - GUI for managing WiFi networks, using NetworkManager (`nmcli`) `#python` `#gtk4`.
```

- [Onboard](https://github.com/dr-ni/onboard) - Alternative on screen keyboard (OSK) useful for everybody that cannot use a hardware keyboard, e.g. for mobile Linux or mobility impaired users `#python` `#gtk3`.
- [Random](https://codeberg.org/foreverxml/random) - Randomization made easy with advanced functions `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Serigy](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.cleomenezesjr.Serigy) - Proof of concept "clipboard pinner" for the GNOME desktop `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Sherlock](https://github.com/Skxxtz/sherlock) - A versatile application/command launcher (with the Hyprland tiling window manager in mind) `#rust` `#gtk4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sherlock](https://github.com/Skxxtz/sherlock) - Application/command launcher for Wayland (with the Hyprland tiling window manager in mind) with async widgets and plugins `#rust` `#gtk4`.
```
